update README with console.log details (#339)
gakonst/foundry: forge/README.md

    // Expects an error on next call
    function expectRevert(bytes calldata) external;
}
```
### `console.log`

> For those used to `console.log` functionality from Hardhat, there is an implementation contract [here](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry/blob/master/evm-adapters/testdata/console.sol). We currently recommend that you copy this contract, place it in your `test` folder, and import it into the contract where you wish to use `console.log`, though there should be more streamlined functionality soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We support the logging functionality from Hardhat's `console.log`.

If you are on a hardhat project, `import hardhat/console.sol` should just work if you use `forge test --hh`.

If no, there is an implementation contract [here](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry/blob/master/evm-adapters/testdata/console.sol). We currently recommend that you copy this contract, place it in your `test` folder, and import it into the contract where you wish to use `console.log`, though there should be more streamlined functionality soon.
```

Usage follows the same format as [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/reference/#console-log):
```solidity

> import "./Console.sol";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import "./console.sol";
```
